[MUSIC]
>> Scott: So based on what we have here,
so on this ExerciseList,
when it renders it's gonna
have a list of exercises.
I wanna be able to tap
on that exercise and
have it add the exercise that I tapped
on to the current workout array.
So you need to make another action
that when clicked is gonna add
the current exercise.
So if you go look in
the ExerciseList here,
the current exercise would
be this exercise right here.
So you'd probably do like a button or
highlight opacity or
something like that to
be able to on-press.
So, on-press, we want to fire off
an action that we need to create.
And we can call that addExercise.
And we want that action to add
exercise to the current workout.
So on our current workout reducer,
it's actually already here.
ADD_EXERCISE_COMPLETE.
And that's because it's gonna be async,
but we're gonna do async after we do this.
So if you could just make an action,
whatever you wanna call it.
Mine is called ADD_EXERCISE_COMPLETE.
And it's just gonna add it to the
addExcercise array, just push it in there.
And that's it.
And that's all you gotta do.